♪Allergic to fast-food love,
even if it's too naive♪
♪Just like a hug needs
the right body heat♪
♪Your "same here" carries
a touch of resolve♪
♪Pack my bags, we can set off right now♪
♪The future is a wondrous,
unknown adventure♪
♪The journey itself is what
truly matters before the destination♪
♪Those moments together
are what bind us strongest♪
♪Connect♪
♪Let's go!♪
♪Leave worries behind
in yesterday's sentimentality♪
♪Today, no dwelling
on negative emotions♪
♪Tomorrow holds more luck♪
♪Together we'll create moving melodies♪
♪The future begins to take shape♪
=Love In A Secret=
(I Just Want to Drown With You)
=Episode 3=
Hua!
Zhu.
You're finally here.
Why did you call me here in a hurry?
We lack racers today.
All outside bets are now closed,
but we have no racers.
Hua.
Is this the competitor
you brought today?
Can she even turn the steering wheel?
I don't compete with girls.
Hold it right there.
It's not me.
It's this guy.
He's won the Formula 1 Championship
in the US, you know?
What championship?
I don't know how to drive.
I was carsick just now, you know?
Here, we have a rule.
If the scheduled
competition is canceled,
one has to pay two million yuan as a fine.
Will you compete?
Or will you pay the fine?
Two million yuan.
Kid, will you take on the challenge?
Kid,
racing can be deadly, you know?
I'll pay the fine.
There's another rule here.
If the competitor arrives at the scene
and cancels the match,
they have to pay a fine
of five million yuan.
Woohoo. Kid, we're talking
about five million yuan here.
Have you made up your mind?
Bring it on, then.
You brought me here
so that I could embarrass myself, right?
Let me show you what I'm capable of.
Ready!
Go!
Have you lost your mind from that?
What championship?
I don't know how to drive.
I was carsick just now, you know?
So, were you pretending
all along?
You said I was a hypocrite, right?
What do you think?
Aren't I amazing?
Get out of the way!
How dare you trick me?
Huh?
What are you talking about?
Who said we tricked you?
You were just bad at driving.
You two
set me up and made me lose 200,000 yuan!
Who told you to bet on our loss?
You deserved this.
What's wrong?
Are you trying to be a sore loser now?
You'd better take out the money now.
If not, no one gets to leave!
Beat him up!
Beat him to death!
Stop it!
Stop!
Jia,
do not cause trouble in my territory.
Be gentle.
Can't you be gentle for once?
Now, you know it hurts, huh?
Weren't you pretty fierce just now?
What is this?
It's too childish.
Don't stick it on my face.
I like it.
I suppose
you don't hate me that much.
You aren't that detestable, I suppose.
Why are you staring at me?
Are we going home or not?
What happened?
Mom, I'm fine.
I just fell by accident.
Are you hurt anywhere else?
I'm fine.
You know it hurts, huh?
Why weren't you more careful, then?
Now, it's gone.
Stop being mischievous.
By the way, Mom,
is there any news from the group?
I've already come up
with a solution.
However,
I just married into
the Lu family not long ago.
Some of the older employees there
don't like me.
At this time,
if I transfer you to the group by force,
it'll be difficult for you
to work there.
Therefore, I've come up with a solution.
Let's visit the company with some gifts.
What gifts?
There's a family called
the Shu family in Hai City.
They made their fortune
in manufacturing.
They're very wealthy.
Mr. Lu wanted to join hands with them
for a few years.
But Mr. Shu
was quite conservative.
He kept rejecting him.
Therefore, I made an inquiry.
His youngest daughter
is called Shu Jiajia.
In my opinion,
if we establish
a close relationship with Shu Jiajia,
I think we'll be able
to persuade Mr. Shu.
I understand now.
You're treating me
as the gift here, huh?
Who said so?
How can I bear to do that?
Alright now.
I need to pack up.
I'm going to
the basketball friendly this afternoon.
Basketball friendly?
Hey.
You know how to play basketball, right?
You should show them your skills later.
♪Bit by bit, I'll forget you♪
♪Bit by bit, I'll erase the memories♪
♪From now on,
your image won't linger in my mind♪
♪Nor will those fragments of the past♪
♪Days will slowly drift away
like passing clouds♪
♪I'll learn to stop
longing for what's gone♪
♪The you in my memories♪
♪Will fade from clarity♪
♪How much longer must I wait to♪
♪Forget you completely♪